docs: Improve documentation for Unit and Option (#11)
taxfyle/FxKit: docs/core/option.md

    .Where(x => x.Length > 0);
```

### OfType

> Use `OfType` to filter option value based on its type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use `OfType` to filter the value held in `Some` based on its type.
```

Author: Done

> > It is as a shortcut to `FlatMap(a => a is U u ? Some(u) : None)`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> This is essentially a short-hand for `FlatMap(a => a is U u ? Some(u) : None)`.
```

Author: Done (just changed "shot-hand" to "shorthand")

    select $"{a} {b}";
```

### Do

Use `Do` to execute an imperative operation when the option has a value.

```csharp
Some("Hello")
    .Do(x => Console.WriteLine(x));
```

## Aggregation and Collection Operations

Functions that are used to aggregate or collect values from multiple containers.

### Somes

Use the `Somes` to extract the values from a sequence of options.

```csharp
IEnumerable<int> numbers = ListOf
    .Many(Some(4), Some(3), None, Some(10), None, None, Some(2))
    .AsEnumerable()
    .Somes()
```

### SomesMap

> Use the `SomesMap` as a shortcut to `Somes` + `Map`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use `SomesMap` as a shortcut for `Somes` + `Map`.
```

Author: Done

```csharp
IEnumerable<int> lengths = ListOf

>     .Many(Some("Hello"), Some("world"))

Reviewer: Would `[]` collection syntax work here? Or would that not compile?

Author: It does not

> There is no target type for the collection expression

Option<IReadOnlyList<int>> listOfOnlyEvenNumbers =
    list.Traverse(x => x % 2 == 0 ? Some(x) : None);
// Some([2, 4, 6])
```

### Sequence

> Use `Sequence` to traverse without the mapping step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use `Sequence` to traverse without the mapping step.

> This is equivalent to `Traverse(Identity)` / `Traverse(x => x)`
```

Author: Done

```csharp

> IReadOnlyList<Option<int>> list = [Some(2), Some(4), Some(6)];

Reviewer: Let's add a `None` in there too for illustrative purposes

```suggestion
IReadOnlyList<Option<int>> list = [Some(2), Some(4), None, Some(6)];
```

Author: Done

> Option<IReadOnlyList<int>> listOfOnlyEvenNumbers =

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Option<IReadOnlyList<int>> sequenced =
```

Author: Done

    list.Sequence();
// Some([2, 4, 6])
```

## Prelude

The `Prelude` class provides the following functions for `Option`:

### Some / None

Returns a wrapped value or an empty `Option`.

```csharp
public Option<string> OnlyNonWhitespace(string? value) =>
    string.IsNullOrWhiteSpace(value)
        ? None
        : Some(value);
```

### Optional

> Use `Optional` to convert a nullable value to `Option`. Null value will result to an empty option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use `Optional` to convert a nullable value to `Option`. If the input value is **not** `null`, the result will be `Some(value)`, otherwise the result will be an empty option (`None`).
```

Author: Done
